token 泰达 none none none o
token 有限公司 none none none o
token 2015 none none none o
token 年 none none none o
token 3 none none none o
token 月 none none none o
token 成立 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 章程 none none none o
token 规定 none none none o
token 公司 none none none o
token 对外 none none none o
token 投资 none none none o
token 比例 none none none o
token 不得 none none none o
token 超过 none none none o
token 公司 none none none o
token 注册资本 none none none o
token 60% none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 2016 none none none o
token 年 none none none o
token 3 none none none o
token 月 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 未 none none none o
token 召开 none none none o
token 股东会 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 情况 none none none o
token 下 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 经 none none none o
token 全体 none none none o
token 股东 none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 决定 none none none o
token 文件 none none none o
token 上 none none none o
token 签名 none none none o
token 、 none none none o
token 盖章 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 形式 none none none o
token 通过 none none none o
token 了 none none none o
token 与 none none none o
token 文昌 none none none o
token 公司 none none none o
token 合并 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 1 none none none o
token 号 none none none o
token 决议 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 2017 none none none o
token 年 none none none o
token 1 none none none o
token 月 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 泰达 none none none o
token 召开 none none none o
token 股东会 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 准备 none none none o
token 对外 none none none o
token 投资 none none none o
token 一 none none none o
token 职业培训 none none none o
token 业务 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 投资额 none none none o
token 达到 none none none o
token 公司 none none none o
token 注册资本 none none none o
token 80% none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 全体 none none none o
token 股东 none none none o
token 一致同意 none none none o
token 并 none none none o
token 通过 none none none o
token 该 none none none o
token 2 none none none o
token 号 none none none o
token 决议 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 关于 none none none o
token 以上 none none none o
token 两次 none none none o
token 决议 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 下列 none none none o
token 说法 none none none o
token 错误 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 是 none none none o
token ? none none none o

token 泰达 none none none o
token 有限公司 none none none o
token 2015 none none none o
token 年 none none none o
token 3 none none none o
token 月 none none none o
token 成立 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 章程 none none none o
token 规定 none none none o
token 公司 none none none o
token 对外 none none none o
token 投资 none none none o
token 比例 none none none o
token 不得 none none none o
token 超过 none none none o
token 公司 none none none o
token 注册资本 none none none o
token 60% none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 2016 none none none o
token 年 none none none o
token 3 none none none o
token 月 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 未 none none none o
token 召开 none none none o
token 股东会 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 情况 none none none o
token 下 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 经 none none none o
token 全体 none none none o
token 股东 none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 决定 none none none o
token 文件 none none none o
token 上 none none none o
token 签名 none none none o
token 、 none none none o
token 盖章 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 形式 none none none o
token 通过 none none none o
token 了 none none none o
token 与 none none none o
token 文昌 none none none o
token 公司 none none none o
token 合并 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 1 none none none o
token 号 none none none o
token 决议 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 2017 none none none o
token 年 none none none o
token 1 none none none o
token 月 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 泰达 none none none o
token 召开 none none none o
token 股东会 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 准备 none none none o
token 对外 none none none o
token 投资 none none none o
token 一 none none none o
token 职业培训 none none none o
token 业务 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 投资额 none none none o
token 达到 none none none o
token 公司 none none none o
token 注册资本 none none none o
token 80% none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 全体 none none none o
token 股东 none none none o
token 一致同意 none none none o
token 并 none none none o
token 通过 none none none o
token 该 none none none o
token 2 none none none o
token 号 none none none o
token 决议 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 关于 none none none o
token 以上 none none none o
token 两次 none none none o
token 决议 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 下列 none none none o
token 说法 none none none o
token 错误 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 是 none none none o
token ? none none none o

token 泰达 none none none o
token 有限公司 none none none o
token 2015 none none none o
token 年 none none none o
token 3 none none none o
token 月 none none none o
token 成立 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 章程 none none none o
token 规定 none none none o
token 公司 none none none o
token 对外 none none none o
token 投资 none none none o
token 比例 none none none o
token 不得 none none none o
token 超过 none none none o
token 公司 none none none o
token 注册资本 none none none o
token 60% none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 2016 none none none o
token 年 none none none o
token 3 none none none o
token 月 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 未 none none none o
token 召开 none none none o
token 股东会 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 情况 none none none o
token 下 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 经 none none none o
token 全体 none none none o
token 股东 none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 决定 none none none o
token 文件 none none none o
token 上 none none none o
token 签名 none none none o
token 、 none none none o
token 盖章 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 形式 none none none o
token 通过 none none none o
token 了 none none none o
token 与 none none none o
token 文昌 none none none o
token 公司 none none none o
token 合并 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 1 none none none o
token 号 none none none o
token 决议 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 2017 none none none o
token 年 none none none o
token 1 none none none o
token 月 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 泰达 none none none o
token 召开 none none none o
token 股东会 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 准备 none none none o
token 对外 none none none o
token 投资 none none none o
token 一 none none none o
token 职业培训 none none none o
token 业务 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 投资额 none none none o
token 达到 none none none o
token 公司 none none none o
token 注册资本 none none none o
token 80% none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 全体 none none none o
token 股东 none none none o
token 一致同意 none none none o
token 并 none none none o
token 通过 none none none o
token 该 none none none o
token 2 none none none o
token 号 none none none o
token 决议 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 关于 none none none o
token 以上 none none none o
token 两次 none none none o
token 决议 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 下列 none none none o
token 说法 none none none o
token 错误 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 是 none none none o
token ? none none none o

token 泰达 none none none o
token 有限公司 none none none o
token 2015 none none none o
token 年 none none none o
token 3 none none none o
token 月 none none none o
token 成立 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 章程 none none none o
token 规定 none none none o
token 公司 none none none o
token 对外 none none none o
token 投资 none none none o
token 比例 none none none o
token 不得 none none none o
token 超过 none none none o
token 公司 none none none o
token 注册资本 none none none o
token 60% none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 2016 none none none o
token 年 none none none o
token 3 none none none o
token 月 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 未 none none none o
token 召开 none none none o
token 股东会 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 情况 none none none o
token 下 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 经 none none none o
token 全体 none none none o
token 股东 none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 决定 none none none o
token 文件 none none none o
token 上 none none none o
token 签名 none none none o
token 、 none none none o
token 盖章 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 形式 none none none o
token 通过 none none none o
token 了 none none none o
token 与 none none none o
token 文昌 none none none o
token 公司 none none none o
token 合并 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 1 none none none o
token 号 none none none o
token 决议 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 2017 none none none o
token 年 none none none o
token 1 none none none o
token 月 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 泰达 none none none o
token 召开 none none none o
token 股东会 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 准备 none none none o
token 对外 none none none o
token 投资 none none none o
token 一 none none none o
token 职业培训 none none none o
token 业务 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 投资额 none none none o
token 达到 none none none o
token 公司 none none none o
token 注册资本 none none none o
token 80% none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 全体 none none none o
token 股东 none none none o
token 一致同意 none none none o
token 并 none none none o
token 通过 none none none o
token 该 none none none o
token 2 none none none o
token 号 none none none o
token 决议 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 关于 none none none o
token 以上 none none none o
token 两次 none none none o
token 决议 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 下列 none none none o
token 说法 none none none o
token 错误 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 是 none none none o
token ? none none none o

token 某原系 none none none o
token 某市 none none none o
token 信用社 none none none o
token 办公室 none none none o
token 负责人 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 为了 none none none o
token 拓展 none none none o
token 业务 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 张某 none none none o
token 所在 none none none o
token 信用社 none none none o
token 负责人 none none none o
token 曾 none none none o
token 要求 none none none o
token 每个 none none none o
token 人 none none none o
token 都 none none none o
token 要 none none none o
token 进行 none none none o
token 揽储 none none none o
token 业务 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 自 none none none o
token 1999 none none none o
token 年 none none none o
token 下半年 none none none o
token 至 none none none o
token 2001 none none none o
token 年 none none none o
token 9 none none none o
token 月 none none none o
token 24 none none none o
token 日 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 张某 none none none o
token 利用 none none none o
token 工作 none none none o
token 之 none none none o
token 便 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 盗取 none none none o
token 该社 none none none o
token 空白 none none none o
token 存单 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 并 none none none o
token 偷盖 none none none o
token 社主任 none none none o
token 私章 none none none o
token 、 none none none o
token 社 none none none o
token 公章 none none none o
token 、 none none none o
token 收款员 none none none o
token 私章 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 以有 none none none o
token 揽 none none none o
token 储 none none none o
token 任务 none none none o
token 为名 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 找 none none none o
token 亲朋好友 none none none o
token 帮其 none none none o
token 完成 none none none o
token 揽储 none none none o
token 任务 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 将 none none none o
token 私开 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 存单 none none none o
token 交给 none none none o
token 储户 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 资金 none none none o
token 归 none none none o
token 自己 none none none o
token 使用 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 采用 none none none o
token 连续 none none none o
token 揽储 none none none o
token 归还 none none none o
token 到期 none none none o
token 存款 none none none o
token 、 none none none o
token 利息 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 办法 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token “ none none none o
token 挖东墙补 none none none o
token 西墙 none none none o
token ” none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 私下 none none none o
token 进行 none none none o
token 资金周转 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 至 none none none o
token 2001 none none none o
token 年 none none none o
token 10 none none none o
token 月 none none none o
token 14 none none none o
token 日 none none none o
token 案发 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 共有 none none none o
token 18 none none none o
token 张 none none none o
token 存单 none none none o
token 55.95 none none none o
token 万元 none none none o
token 存款 none none none o
token 被 none none none o
token 张 none none none o
token 某 none none none o
token 使用 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 无法 none none none o
token 追回 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 张某 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 行为 none none none o
token 构成 none none none o
token 何罪 none none none o
token ? none none none o

token 某原系 none none none o
token 某市 none none none o
token 信用社 none none none o
token 办公室 none none none o
token 负责人 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 为了 none none none o
token 拓展 none none none o
token 业务 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 张某 none none none o
token 所在 none none none o
token 信用社 none none none o
token 负责人 none none none o
token 曾 none none none o
token 要求 none none none o
token 每个 none none none o
token 人 none none none o
token 都 none none none o
token 要 none none none o
token 进行 none none none o
token 揽储 none none none o
token 业务 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 自 none none none o
token 1999 none none none o
token 年 none none none o
token 下半年 none none none o
token 至 none none none o
token 2001 none none none o
token 年 none none none o
token 9 none none none o
token 月 none none none o
token 24 none none none o
token 日 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 张某 none none none o
token 利用 none none none o
token 工作 none none none o
token 之 none none none o
token 便 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 盗取 none none none o
token 该社 none none none o
token 空白 none none none o
token 存单 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 并 none none none o
token 偷盖 none none none o
token 社主任 none none none o
token 私章 none none none o
token 、 none none none o
token 社 none none none o
token 公章 none none none o
token 、 none none none o
token 收款员 none none none o
token 私章 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 以有 none none none o
token 揽 none none none o
token 储 none none none o
token 任务 none none none o
token 为名 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 找 none none none o
token 亲朋好友 none none none o
token 帮其 none none none o
token 完成 none none none o
token 揽储 none none none o
token 任务 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 将 none none none o
token 私开 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 存单 none none none o
token 交给 none none none o
token 储户 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 资金 none none none o
token 归 none none none o
token 自己 none none none o
token 使用 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 采用 none none none o
token 连续 none none none o
token 揽储 none none none o
token 归还 none none none o
token 到期 none none none o
token 存款 none none none o
token 、 none none none o
token 利息 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 办法 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token “ none none none o
token 挖东墙补 none none none o
token 西墙 none none none o
token ” none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 私下 none none none o
token 进行 none none none o
token 资金周转 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 至 none none none o
token 2001 none none none o
token 年 none none none o
token 10 none none none o
token 月 none none none o
token 14 none none none o
token 日 none none none o
token 案发 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 共有 none none none o
token 18 none none none o
token 张 none none none o
token 存单 none none none o
token 55.95 none none none o
token 万元 none none none o
token 存款 none none none o
token 被 none none none o
token 张 none none none o
token 某 none none none o
token 使用 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 无法 none none none o
token 追回 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 张某 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 行为 none none none o
token 构成 none none none o
token 何罪 none none none o
token ? none none none o

token 某原系 none none none o
token 某市 none none none o
token 信用社 none none none o
token 办公室 none none none o
token 负责人 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 为了 none none none o
token 拓展 none none none o
token 业务 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 张某 none none none o
token 所在 none none none o
token 信用社 none none none o
token 负责人 none none none o
token 曾 none none none o
token 要求 none none none o
token 每个 none none none o
token 人 none none none o
token 都 none none none o
token 要 none none none o
token 进行 none none none o
token 揽储 none none none o
token 业务 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 自 none none none o
token 1999 none none none o
token 年 none none none o
token 下半年 none none none o
token 至 none none none o
token 2001 none none none o
token 年 none none none o
token 9 none none none o
token 月 none none none o
token 24 none none none o
token 日 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 张某 none none none o
token 利用 none none none o
token 工作 none none none o
token 之 none none none o
token 便 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 盗取 none none none o
token 该社 none none none o
token 空白 none none none o
token 存单 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 并 none none none o
token 偷盖 none none none o
token 社主任 none none none o
token 私章 none none none o
token 、 none none none o
token 社 none none none o
token 公章 none none none o
token 、 none none none o
token 收款员 none none none o
token 私章 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 以有 none none none o
token 揽 none none none o
token 储 none none none o
token 任务 none none none o
token 为名 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 找 none none none o
token 亲朋好友 none none none o
token 帮其 none none none o
token 完成 none none none o
token 揽储 none none none o
token 任务 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 将 none none none o
token 私开 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 存单 none none none o
token 交给 none none none o
token 储户 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 资金 none none none o
token 归 none none none o
token 自己 none none none o
token 使用 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 采用 none none none o
token 连续 none none none o
token 揽储 none none none o
token 归还 none none none o
token 到期 none none none o
token 存款 none none none o
token 、 none none none o
token 利息 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 办法 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token “ none none none o
token 挖东墙补 none none none o
token 西墙 none none none o
token ” none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 私下 none none none o
token 进行 none none none o
token 资金周转 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 至 none none none o
token 2001 none none none o
token 年 none none none o
token 10 none none none o
token 月 none none none o
token 14 none none none o
token 日 none none none o
token 案发 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 共有 none none none o
token 18 none none none o
token 张 none none none o
token 存单 none none none o
token 55.95 none none none o
token 万元 none none none o
token 存款 none none none o
token 被 none none none o
token 张 none none none o
token 某 none none none o
token 使用 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 无法 none none none o
token 追回 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 张某 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 行为 none none none o
token 构成 none none none o
token 何罪 none none none o
token ? none none none o

token 某原系 none none none o
token 某市 none none none o
token 信用社 none none none o
token 办公室 none none none o
token 负责人 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 为了 none none none o
token 拓展 none none none o
token 业务 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 张某 none none none o
token 所在 none none none o
token 信用社 none none none o
token 负责人 none none none o
token 曾 none none none o
token 要求 none none none o
token 每个 none none none o
token 人 none none none o
token 都 none none none o
token 要 none none none o
token 进行 none none none o
token 揽储 none none none o
token 业务 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 自 none none none o
token 1999 none none none o
token 年 none none none o
token 下半年 none none none o
token 至 none none none o
token 2001 none none none o
token 年 none none none o
token 9 none none none o
token 月 none none none o
token 24 none none none o
token 日 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 张某 none none none o
token 利用 none none none o
token 工作 none none none o
token 之 none none none o
token 便 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 盗取 none none none o
token 该社 none none none o
token 空白 none none none o
token 存单 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 并 none none none o
token 偷盖 none none none o
token 社主任 none none none o
token 私章 none none none o
token 、 none none none o
token 社 none none none o
token 公章 none none none o
token 、 none none none o
token 收款员 none none none o
token 私章 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 以有 none none none o
token 揽 none none none o
token 储 none none none o
token 任务 none none none o
token 为名 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 找 none none none o
token 亲朋好友 none none none o
token 帮其 none none none o
token 完成 none none none o
token 揽储 none none none o
token 任务 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 将 none none none o
token 私开 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 存单 none none none o
token 交给 none none none o
token 储户 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 资金 none none none o
token 归 none none none o
token 自己 none none none o
token 使用 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 采用 none none none o
token 连续 none none none o
token 揽储 none none none o
token 归还 none none none o
token 到期 none none none o
token 存款 none none none o
token 、 none none none o
token 利息 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 办法 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token “ none none none o
token 挖东墙补 none none none o
token 西墙 none none none o
token ” none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 私下 none none none o
token 进行 none none none o
token 资金周转 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 至 none none none o
token 2001 none none none o
token 年 none none none o
token 10 none none none o
token 月 none none none o
token 14 none none none o
token 日 none none none o
token 案发 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 共有 none none none o
token 18 none none none o
token 张 none none none o
token 存单 none none none o
token 55.95 none none none o
token 万元 none none none o
token 存款 none none none o
token 被 none none none o
token 张 none none none o
token 某 none none none o
token 使用 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 无法 none none none o
token 追回 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 张某 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 行为 none none none o
token 构成 none none none o
token 何罪 none none none o
token ? none none none o

token 唐天宝 none none none o
token 元年 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 都城 none none none o
token 长安 none none none o
token 轩辕 none none none o
token 酒楼 none none none o
token 吐蕃 none none none o
token 人甲 none none none o
token 与 none none none o
token 高丽人 none none none o
token 乙 none none none o
token 发生争执 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 甲 none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 争吵 none none none o
token 时 none none none o
token 一怒之下 none none none o
token 将 none none none o
token 乙 none none none o
token 推倒 none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 楼口 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 乙 none none none o
token 失足 none none none o
token 坠于 none none none o
token 楼下 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 致 none none none o
token 脊骨 none none none o
token 断裂 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 下列 none none none o
token 说法 none none none o
token 正确 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 是 none none none o
token 哪项 none none none o
token ? none none none o

token 唐天宝 none none none o
token 元年 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 都城 none none none o
token 长安 none none none o
token 轩辕 none none none o
token 酒楼 none none none o
token 吐蕃 none none none o
token 人甲 none none none o
token 与 none none none o
token 高丽人 none none none o
token 乙 none none none o
token 发生争执 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 甲 none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 争吵 none none none o
token 时 none none none o
token 一怒之下 none none none o
token 将 none none none o
token 乙 none none none o
token 推倒 none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 楼口 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 乙 none none none o
token 失足 none none none o
token 坠于 none none none o
token 楼下 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 致 none none none o
token 脊骨 none none none o
token 断裂 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 下列 none none none o
token 说法 none none none o
token 正确 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 是 none none none o
token 哪项 none none none o
token ? none none none o

token 唐天宝 none none none o
token 元年 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 都城 none none none o
token 长安 none none none o
token 轩辕 none none none o
token 酒楼 none none none o
token 吐蕃 none none none o
token 人甲 none none none o
token 与 none none none o
token 高丽人 none none none o
token 乙 none none none o
token 发生争执 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 甲 none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 争吵 none none none o
token 时 none none none o
token 一怒之下 none none none o
token 将 none none none o
token 乙 none none none o
token 推倒 none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 楼口 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 乙 none none none o
token 失足 none none none o
token 坠于 none none none o
token 楼下 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 致 none none none o
token 脊骨 none none none o
token 断裂 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 下列 none none none o
token 说法 none none none o
token 正确 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 是 none none none o
token 哪项 none none none o
token ? none none none o

token 唐天宝 none none none o
token 元年 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 都城 none none none o
token 长安 none none none o
token 轩辕 none none none o
token 酒楼 none none none o
token 吐蕃 none none none o
token 人甲 none none none o
token 与 none none none o
token 高丽人 none none none o
token 乙 none none none o
token 发生争执 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 甲 none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 争吵 none none none o
token 时 none none none o
token 一怒之下 none none none o
token 将 none none none o
token 乙 none none none o
token 推倒 none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 楼口 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 乙 none none none o
token 失足 none none none o
token 坠于 none none none o
token 楼下 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 致 none none none o
token 脊骨 none none none o
token 断裂 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 下列 none none none o
token 说法 none none none o
token 正确 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 是 none none none o
token 哪项 none none none o
token ? none none none o

token 重庆市 none none none o
token 甲区 none none none o
token 环保局 none none none o
token 和 none none none o
token 乙区 none none none o
token 土地局 none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 对 none none none o
token 厂房 none none none o
token 横跨 none none none o
token 甲区 none none none o
token 、 none none none o
token 乙区 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 某 none none none o
token 化肥厂 none none none o
token 进行 none none none o
token 检查 none none none o
token 时 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 发现 none none none o
token 其有 none none none o
token 违法 none none none o
token 使用 none none none o
token 土地 none none none o
token 和 none none none o
token 违法 none none none o
token 排污 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 行为 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 甲区 none none none o
token 环保局 none none none o
token 和 none none none o
token 乙区 none none none o
token 土地局 none none none o
token 以 none none none o
token 共同 none none none o
token 名义 none none none o
token 对 none none none o
token 其 none none none o
token 作出 none none none o
token 罚款 none none none o
token 3 none none none o
token 万元 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 处罚 none none none o
token 决定 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 对于 none none none o
token 此案 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 下列 none none none o
token 哪项 none none none o
token 说法 none none none o
token 正确 none none none o
token ? none none none o

token 重庆市 none none none o
token 甲区 none none none o
token 环保局 none none none o
token 和 none none none o
token 乙区 none none none o
token 土地局 none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 对 none none none o
token 厂房 none none none o
token 横跨 none none none o
token 甲区 none none none o
token 、 none none none o
token 乙区 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 某 none none none o
token 化肥厂 none none none o
token 进行 none none none o
token 检查 none none none o
token 时 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 发现 none none none o
token 其有 none none none o
token 违法 none none none o
token 使用 none none none o
token 土地 none none none o
token 和 none none none o
token 违法 none none none o
token 排污 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 行为 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 甲区 none none none o
token 环保局 none none none o
token 和 none none none o
token 乙区 none none none o
token 土地局 none none none o
token 以 none none none o
token 共同 none none none o
token 名义 none none none o
token 对 none none none o
token 其 none none none o
token 作出 none none none o
token 罚款 none none none o
token 3 none none none o
token 万元 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 处罚 none none none o
token 决定 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 对于 none none none o
token 此案 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 下列 none none none o
token 哪项 none none none o
token 说法 none none none o
token 正确 none none none o
token ? none none none o

token 重庆市 none none none o
token 甲区 none none none o
token 环保局 none none none o
token 和 none none none o
token 乙区 none none none o
token 土地局 none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 对 none none none o
token 厂房 none none none o
token 横跨 none none none o
token 甲区 none none none o
token 、 none none none o
token 乙区 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 某 none none none o
token 化肥厂 none none none o
token 进行 none none none o
token 检查 none none none o
token 时 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 发现 none none none o
token 其有 none none none o
token 违法 none none none o
token 使用 none none none o
token 土地 none none none o
token 和 none none none o
token 违法 none none none o
token 排污 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 行为 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 甲区 none none none o
token 环保局 none none none o
token 和 none none none o
token 乙区 none none none o
token 土地局 none none none o
token 以 none none none o
token 共同 none none none o
token 名义 none none none o
token 对 none none none o
token 其 none none none o
token 作出 none none none o
token 罚款 none none none o
token 3 none none none o
token 万元 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 处罚 none none none o
token 决定 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 对于 none none none o
token 此案 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 下列 none none none o
token 哪项 none none none o
token 说法 none none none o
token 正确 none none none o
token ? none none none o

token 重庆市 none none none o
token 甲区 none none none o
token 环保局 none none none o
token 和 none none none o
token 乙区 none none none o
token 土地局 none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 对 none none none o
token 厂房 none none none o
token 横跨 none none none o
token 甲区 none none none o
token 、 none none none o
token 乙区 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 某 none none none o
token 化肥厂 none none none o
token 进行 none none none o
token 检查 none none none o
token 时 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 发现 none none none o
token 其有 none none none o
token 违法 none none none o
token 使用 none none none o
token 土地 none none none o
token 和 none none none o
token 违法 none none none o
token 排污 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 行为 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 甲区 none none none o
token 环保局 none none none o
token 和 none none none o
token 乙区 none none none o
token 土地局 none none none o
token 以 none none none o
token 共同 none none none o
token 名义 none none none o
token 对 none none none o
token 其 none none none o
token 作出 none none none o
token 罚款 none none none o
token 3 none none none o
token 万元 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 处罚 none none none o
token 决定 none none none o
token 。 none none none o
token 对于 none none none o
token 此案 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 下列 none none none o
token 哪项 none none none o
token 说法 none none none o
token 正确 none none none o
token ? none none none o

token 根据 none none none o
token 《 none none none o
token 立法法 none none none o
token 》 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 规定 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 下列 none none none o
token 哪些 none none none o
token 选项 none none none o
token 是 none none none o
token 不 none none none o
token 正确 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token ? none none none o

token 根据 none none none o
token 《 none none none o
token 立法法 none none none o
token 》 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 规定 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 下列 none none none o
token 哪些 none none none o
token 选项 none none none o
token 是 none none none o
token 不 none none none o
token 正确 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token ? none none none o

token 根据 none none none o
token 《 none none none o
token 立法法 none none none o
token 》 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 规定 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 下列 none none none o
token 哪些 none none none o
token 选项 none none none o
token 是 none none none o
token 不 none none none o
token 正确 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token ? none none none o

token 根据 none none none o
token 《 none none none o
token 立法法 none none none o
token 》 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 规定 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 下列 none none none o
token 哪些 none none none o
token 选项 none none none o
token 是 none none none o
token 不 none none none o
token 正确 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token ? none none none o

