token 1 none none none o
token 号 none none none o
token 股东 none none none o
token 会议 none none none o
token 不 none none none o
token 成立 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 因为 none none none o
token 并未 none none none o
token 召开 none none none o
token 股东会 none none none o

token 2 none none none o
token 号 none none none o
token 决议 none none none o
token 无效 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 因为 none none none o
token 违反 none none none o
token 章程 none none none o
token 规定 none none none o

token 决议 none none none o
token 不 none none none o
token 成立 none none none o
token 和 none none none o
token 无效 none none none o
token 之诉 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 原告 none none none o
token 只能 none none none o
token 是 none none none o
token 股东 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 被告 none none none o
token 是 none none none o
token 公司 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 对 none none none o
token 决议 none none none o
token 涉及 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 其他 none none none o
token 利害 none none none o
token 关系人 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 可 none none none o
token 列为 none none none o
token 第三 none none none o
token 人 none none none o

token 如果 none none none o
token 股东 none none none o
token 对于 none none none o
token 2 none none none o
token 号 none none none o
token 决议 none none none o
token 提起 none none none o
token 撤销 none none none o
token 之诉 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 法院 none none none o
token 可 none none none o
token 直接 none none none o
token 要求 none none none o
token 股东 none none none o
token 提供 none none none o
token 相应 none none none o
token 担保 none none none o

token 职务侵占罪 none none none o

token 金融 none none none o
token 凭证 none none none o
token 诈骗罪 none none none o

token 挪用资金 none none none o
token 罪 none none none o

token 挪用公款 none none none o
token 罪 none none none o

token 根据 none none none o
token 唐律 none none none o
token 中化 none none none o
token 外人 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 法律 none none none o
token 适用 none none none o
token 原则 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 本案 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 法律 none none none o
token 管辖 none none none o
token 应 none none none o
token 实行 none none none o
token 被告 none none none o
token 主义 none none none o
token 原则 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 按 none none none o
token 高丽 none none none o
token 律 none none none o
token 对 none none none o
token 当事人 none none none o
token 进行 none none none o
token 处罚 none none none o

token 若甲 none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 伤人 none none none o
token 后 none none none o
token 立即 none none none o
token 逃离现场 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 于 none none none o
token 朋友 none none none o
token 家中 none none none o
token 藏匿 none none none o
token 三日 none none none o
token 后见 none none none o
token 官府 none none none o
token 捕拿 none none none o
token 行动 none none none o
token 严密 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 外逃 none none none o
token 无望 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 遂 none none none o
token 主动 none none none o
token 投案 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 根据 none none none o
token 唐律 none none none o
token 规定 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 可以 none none none o
token 成立 none none none o
token 自首 none none none o

token 若 none none none o
token 乙 none none none o
token 当场 none none none o
token 死亡 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 则 none none none o
token 可 none none none o
token 认定 none none none o
token 甲 none none none o
token 构成 none none none o
token 唐律 none none none o
token 中 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token “ none none none o
token 故杀 none none none o
token ” none none none o

token 若 none none none o
token 乙 none none none o
token 并未 none none none o
token 当场 none none none o
token 死亡 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 则 none none none o
token 在 none none none o
token 一定 none none none o
token 期限内 none none none o
token 根据 none none none o
token 其 none none none o
token 伤情 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 变化 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 确定 none none none o
token 甲 none none none o
token 对 none none none o
token 其 none none none o
token 承担 none none none o
token 不同 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 法律责任 none none none o

token 化肥厂 none none none o
token 依法 none none none o
token 可以 none none none o
token 向 none none none o
token 该 none none none o
token 市政府 none none none o
token 申请 none none none o
token 行政复议 none none none o

token 化肥厂 none none none o
token 依法 none none none o
token 可以 none none none o
token 向 none none none o
token 甲 none none none o
token 区政府 none none none o
token 提出 none none none o
token 行政复议 none none none o
token 申请 none none none o

token 对 none none none o
token 复议 none none none o
token 决定 none none none o
token 不服 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 依法 none none none o
token 可以 none none none o
token 申请 none none none o
token 国务院 none none none o
token 作出 none none none o
token 最终 none none none o
token 裁决 none none none o

token 化肥厂 none none none o
token 将 none none none o
token 复议 none none none o
token 申请 none none none o
token 提交 none none none o
token 给 none none none o
token 市 none none none o
token 土地局 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 该市 none none none o
token 土地局 none none none o
token 依法 none none none o
token 应 none none none o
token 将 none none none o
token 该 none none none o
token 复议 none none none o
token 申请 none none none o
token 转 none none none o
token 送给 none none none o
token 该 none none none o
token 市政府 none none none o

token 国务院 none none none o
token 和 none none none o
token 地方 none none none o
token 各级 none none none o
token 政府 none none none o
token 可以 none none none o
token 向 none none none o
token 全国人大常委会 none none none o
token 提出 none none none o
token 法律 none none none o
token 解释 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 要求 none none none o

token 经 none none none o
token 授权 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 行政 none none none o
token 法规 none none none o
token 可 none none none o
token 设定 none none none o
token 限制 none none none o
token 公民 none none none o
token 人身自由 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 强制措施 none none none o

token 专门 none none none o
token 委员会 none none none o
token 审议 none none none o
token 法律案 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 时候 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 应 none none none o
token 邀请 none none none o
token 提案人 none none none o
token 列席会议 none none none o
token ， none none none o
token 听取 none none none o
token 其 none none none o
token 意见 none none none o

token 地方 none none none o
token 各级 none none none o
token 人大 none none none o
token 有权 none none none o
token 撤销 none none none o
token 本级 none none none o
token 政府 none none none o
token 制定 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 不 none none none o
token 适当 none none none o
token 的 none none none o
token 规章 none none none o

